[CDX-417] Add "Show More" button under swatches (#227)
Constructor-io/constructorio-ui-plp: src/stories/components/CioPlp/Props.mdx

| onAddToCart        | `(event: React.MouseEvent, item: Item, selectedVariation?: Variation) => void`                                                                      | Product add to cart callback function                                                                                                                                       |
| onProductCardClick | `(event: React.MouseEvent, item: Item) => void`                                                                                                     | Product click callback function                                                                                                                                             |
| onSwatchClick      | `(e: React.MouseEvent, clickedSwatch: SwatchItem) => void`                                                                                          | Product swatch click callback function                                                                                                                                      |

> | onShowMoreSwatches | `(event: React.MouseEvent, item: Item, selectedSwatch: SwatchItem \| undefined, hiddenSwatches: SwatchItem[], setUrl: UrlHelpers['setUrl']) => void` | Callback for the "View more" button on swatches. When not provided, clicking "View more" navigates to `selectedSwatch.url \|\| item.url` via `setUrl`. (📦 v1.9.1 required) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| onShowMoreSwatches | `(event: React.MouseEvent, item: Item, selectedSwatch: SwatchItem \| undefined, hiddenSwatches: SwatchItem[], setUrl: UrlHelpers['setUrl']) => void` | Callback for the "View more" button on swatches. When not provided, clicking "View more" navigates to `selectedSwatch.url \|\| item.url` via `setUrl`. (📦 v1.16.0 required) |
```

Author: ae0738d89c49d5fdde171318eef8d15800597d3f

| windowSize     | `number` | Number of page buttons to show in pagination        |
| resultsPerPage | `number` | Override the results per page set at Provider level |

### `swatchConfigs`

> > 📦 v1.9.1 is required for this feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 📦 v1.16.0 is required for this feature
```

Author: ae0738d89c49d5fdde171318eef8d15800597d3f
